DOCS-9557-DW-lookup-example-kt (#1737)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/dataweave-cookbook.adoc

//xlsx-lookup
| xref:dataweave-cookbook-xlsx-lookup.adoc[Look Up Data in an Excel (XLSX) File]
| Uses `filter` to return rows that contain a specified value.
//csv-lookup
| xref:dataweave-cookbook-csv-lookup.adoc[Look Up Data in CSV File]

> | Uses `filter` to return the country code stored in a CSV file to the specified input phone numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Uses `filter` with `map` to look up data in a CSV file and return a country code for each calling code found within an input array of phone numbers. 
```
